as for our best friends for health award
when the time came to brainstorm
fundraising ideas for seven-year-old
Jonah's rare liver condition his best
friend six-year-old Dylan had the
sweetest idea to help his buddy in need
Jonah it has a very rare liver disease
called glycogen storage disease type 1b
it affects one out of a million children
he doesn't eat food like all the other
kids Jonah's getting soup right now
through his g-tube so he can get
nutrients he's not allowed to have any
form of sugar that his liver cannot
absorb after an hour we check his blood
sugars and give him cornstarch Dylan and
Jonah met at second year free school and
they immediately became friends we're
better than I went we're in the car
talking about Jonah's disease and Dylan
said I want to write a book and I'm
gonna saw my book and make money for
Jonah when given thought to write a book
for me I felt really very happy very
next day he came home from school and
sat down to write it and he took
stationery out of my drawer because he
wanted to read it on nice paper sure
good bye bye Dylan secret I like you got
a baby gesso chocolate I like to go
swimming guys so chocolate chocolate bar
means awesome and don't Dylan's been
saying it for quite some time and every
time something is cool or something
interesting or need goes that's so
chocolate bar and he handed it over to
me and said here can you go through
rocks this so Dylan brought us the book
and he said daddy can you take it to
work and make some copies and let's go
sell it so there happen to be a school
fundraiser panned for two and a half
hours that day of the school fundraiser
Jonah and Dylan SAT and sold over 200
bucks and ended up raising over five
thousand dollars I can't believe how
Jenna so truck please welcome the
recipients for our best friends with all
the Lord offer Dylan and his best friend
Jonah
Oh
I'm gonna lay this down here and I want
you all to show everyone what you were
doing before what's the thing you do
when you're squeezing each other's
cheeks who's that chocolate bar is that
pretty jumpy I'm gonna see it can I see
it again
so chocolate bar lovely so how much
money you guys ready so far over thirty
thousand dollars oh and what how much
money you hoping to raise a million
dollar oh yes a million-dollar pretty
pretty chocolate bar guys hold only
chocolate bar and you know who I know
thinks your whole idea was pretty
chocolate bar your parents and we have
both of their parents here join us on
their special day please welcome Rabine
and Laura as well as Deborah and David
wow you must be a villain to to have
done this this is such a cool thing it's
incredible you know Dylan is this
compassionate and passionate little
little dynamo as we call him he he's so
determined and if anybody can raise a
million dollars and find a cure for this
rare disease it's Dylan
I love you guys you guys are awesome but
for those of you just tuning in what
Jonah has is very rare only about 300
people in the US have glycogen storage
disease 1b not only show you what let me
show you what happens in the body every
time you eat some food the sugar in that
food gets broken down by the body and
gets stored in the liver as glycogen now
normally the livers job is to help
maintain blood sugar levels by slowly
releasing that sugar into the body
throughout the day between meals to keep
the levels stable but somebody with
glycogen storage disease type 1b their
liver lacks the enzyme responsible for
releasing that glucose into the body so
instead the glycogen just slowly builds
up in the liver and the liver just
continues to swell swell and swell and
since the glucose isn't getting into the
body the blood sugar drops you get very
hungry you get shaky and jittery and
unless you eat something your blood
sugar can get dangerously low it can
even get fatal and mom and dad I know
knowing that there's no cure are you
hoping this book will really raise
awareness and eventually lead to a cure
absolutely the cure is on the horizon
and we hope that sooner than later and
with the help of Dylan in the book we
will raise a million dollars and
ultimately get our cure yeah I know it's
gonna happen you know we know the names
of the closet they know the program is
getting a case hey guys you guys want to
do a little reading here for our for our
viewers you want to read part of your
your book
I like to go to the aquarium that is so
chocolate bar I like to go boo bullying
gasps ooh chocolate bar I like to go to
the arcade that is so chocolate bar I
liked you out my friends that's good
biggest chocolate bar this book is
officially full on the sweetest
chocolate bar you've ever seen or had
and we are going to have a link on our
website the doctors TV com if you want
to get a copy and by the chocolate bar
and help out in this wonderful cause and
help out the first ever ever recipients
of our best friends for health award
don't you guys thank you for
oh yeah we'll be right back next best
supporting spouse and the lifetime
achievement award in our first annual
doctors against all odds awards show